So we're going to have another program.
They the activities that we have more products the more pros you have the better today.
This thought is going to look good and so we start working with a team and a store front and so they
goes in upcoming medius if you went on another pro you can click on produce we will find the least of
our products.
You can see we have a stock we have in stock that categories and tags and all of those.
So on the top you can click here are not new and you can create and you broke in this case.
We're going to add this 03.
You can see we have some good and we have four different images.
So we're going at home cued right here.
And I'm going up and their product list.
You can see we have backup kit right here.
And we have these short descriptions.
We're going to copy these.
Scroll to the bottom and we're going at these right here.
The price is going to be 15 So we're going at 15 here and we're going to add a new category one at home
gets it's right here and we're going to add pro-tax or something like pamper yourself and these.
So next on the right you have produce a match.
So by the way for example if you're one that broke imagine you can do arrange these in the right.
Pull it up.
In my case I think this is a better place sort of this year on the top.
And I'm going I said the future truly much and I'm going to select these fears match so they can track
right here.
It's going to be a bladder to the server and you can set the match and polish so from here we can click
here on these and up and these in that open season on your top.
So now you can see we have the come.
We have the price and we have the description and we think they were received we have the match.
So that's nice as well we have done so far.
So for example if I go back to the April page you can see that we also have the gallery so you can click
here on that gallery and from Keary you can add all the images.
So going out to three and four and click and drag right here.
So you can see that these when you select.
So and then when I see like these on I select all these images and that to the gallery and then you
can see they got it because for you much so that you can rearrange the images in everything or you can
remove any match if you don't want to show that the match or if you select the green you can remove
the straight you song on a click you don't update and then going up in the computer.
And you can see how they got gravity.
And of course these may be a little different based again on the gameplay that you're using.
So the game here you can click on the magnifying glass and you can see that we have the match on the
show and you can click on these arrows and you can see that we're got the.
So that's something nice that you have these images available.
You can see that in I added four images right here.
And should we have fight he's taking the feature emerged as.
So we're going to remove these if we use the match and update reload.
So now we have only four images and it's working great.
So for example if I open again you can see that we have the regular price and we also have the same
price.
For example let's say that this is the regular price is 15.
And we have a sale.
And this is $10.
We're going to play these and reload.
So now you can see that we have 15 and you can see that we have these on the line.
And then we kept in.
So that's something that you can really easily add the regular price and the sale price.
And for example you can eat on a schedule and you can select this sale price.
So let's say you have a big sale on the weekend and you can ask for example here.
19 And then you can at the end of the sell maybe on Monday 21.
So the sale price is going to be applied only on those dates from the 19th to any one of our goods in
this way.
For example you can prepare your sale in the week and once a week and you don't have to do anything.
Well commerce will handle the sale price and the sale price Zahed And once that's over it's going to
remove that.
That sale price.
So that's something really nice.
So you don't cancel something really nice and that you can make a year younger am I going to cancel
these and I'm going up that
so in the next video we're going to continue working with these and we're going to have more products.